Update private network tutorial to master branch (#257)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/tutorials/start-a-private-network-with-substrate.md

You will learn to:
1. Compile a Substrate node from source code.
2. Generate ed25519 and sr25519 key-pairs for use as a network authority
3. Create and edit a chainspec json file

Compiling the Tools
-----------------

> Substrate does not (yet) offer binary installation packages, so it must be compiled from source, which can be a time-consuming process. Commits go into the [Substrate repository](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate) regularly and it is wise that everyone participating in this network have the same version of substrate to guarantee success. In practice similar but not identical versions will often work, but banking on that is a recipe for frustration. In this tutorial, we'll be using commit `7d7e74fb` for more stability.

Reviewer: Shall we share some context about why choose this commit, so users are more confident about their practice.

Author: I plan to rewrite this part in terms of Substrate Package. I'm trying to figure out the best way to get users a compatible version of subkey. This is my first checkbox. See also https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-package/issues/25

Reviewer 2: Phrases like "but banking on that is a recipe for frustration" probably does not translate well. See our contribution guidelines:

> Avoid using uncommon words, highly technical words, or jargon that users might not understand. Also, avoid using idioms such as "that's the way the cookie crumbles", while it might make sense to you, it may not translate well into another language. Keep in mind that a lot of users are non-native English speakers.

IMO too much detail here around versioning. I would have the text assume it does work, and a small note saying if it doesn't to open an issue.

```bash
# Download the Substrate code
git clone https://github.com/paritytech/substrate
cd substrate

# Switch to the proper commit
git checkout 7d7e74fb

# Install rust prerequisites

> curl https://getsubstrate.io -sSf | bash -s -- --fast

Reviewer: I'd like to put this step in the first place, since it may take a long time.

Reviewer 3: I'd also like to see more about what this is downloading / doing, without having to go to the script myself. This is important since we're piping into bash, which is generally a security concern.

Author: I totally agree about. The reason I didn't write that kind of stuff here is because I believe the plan is to have some unified install instructions that I should just link to from here.

Author: I agree. I didn't write that material here because I hope we can have setup-your-developer-environment instructions on a dedicated page. That's my second checkbox in the description.

```

> The repository includes a utility called `subkey` which we'll optionally use to generate and inspect keypairs. Let's compile it first. The `--force` option means that we'll install this version over any previously installed versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository includes a utility called `subkey` which we'll optionally use to generate and inspect keypairs. Let's compile it first. The `--force` option means that we'll install this version by overriding the previously installed version.
```

```bash
# Compile subkey
cargo install --force --path subkey subkey
```

> Now let's compile the actual blockchain node that we'll be running. Because Substrate is a framework, most real-world blockchains that use it will write custom runtime code. There are [other tutorials](/tutorials/) that cover that process in detail. Luckily the Substrate repository itself already comes with two ready-to-run node environments. The first lives in the `node` directory and includes many features to be a practical blockchain. In fact it looks quite similar to [Polkadot](https://polkadot.network) which is also built on Substrate. The second is a more minimal runtime that lives in the `node-template` directory. We'll be using the node template in this tutorial because of its simplicity and because it is the usual starting point when writing your own custom runtime.

Reviewer 3: What, aside from the "simplicity" makes `node-template` the usual starting point of writing a runtime?

Author: I think the fact that it was designed to be a good starting point is why we usually start with it. Is there some text you'd like added here?

2019-09-26 15:42:10 Loading GRANDPA authority set from genesis on what appears to be first startup.
2019-09-26 15:42:10 Loaded block-time = BabeConfiguration { slot_duration: 6000, epoch_length: 100, c: (1, 4), genesis_authorities: [(Public(d43593c715fdd31c61141abd04a99fd6822c8558854ccde39a5684e7a56da27d (5GrwvaEF...)), 1), (Public(8eaf04151687736326c9fea17e25fc5287613693c912909cb226aa4794f26a48 (5FHneW46...)), 1)], randomness: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0], secondary_slots: true } seconds from genesis on first-launch
2019-09-26 15:42:10 Creating empty BABE epoch changes on what appears to be first startup.
2019-09-26 15:42:10 Highest known block at #0
2019-09-26 15:42:10 Using default protocol ID "sup" because none is configured in the chain specs
2019-09-26 15:42:10 Local node identity is: QmViTYm8Yr4yneyRGov9L87vLeVLoySFduVRNQ1d33WdXN
2019-09-26 15:42:10 Starting BABE Authorship worker
2019-09-26 15:42:15 Idle (0 peers), best: #0 (0x8855…e564), finalized #0 (0x8855…e564), ⬇ 0 ⬆ 0
2019-09-26 15:42:20 Idle (0 peers), best: #0 (0x8855…e564), finalized #0 (0x8855…e564), ⬇ 0 ⬆ 0
```

A few lines to take note of:

> `Local node identity is: QmViTYm8Yr4yneyRGov9L87vLeVLoySFduVRNQ1d33WdXN` shows the node ID that Bob will need when booting from Alice's node

Reviewer 3: A nitpick for consistency.

```suggestion
`Local node identity is: QmViTYm8Yr4yneyRGov9L87vLeVLoySFduVRNQ1d33WdXN` shows the node ID that Bob will need when booting from Alice's node.
```

  * Alice's IP Address in the form `192.168.1.1`
  * Alice's Port, probably 30333
  * Alice's node ID, copied from her log output. (`QmViTYm8Yr4yneyRGov9L87vLeVLoySFduVRNQ1d33WdXN` in the example output above.)

If all is going well, after a few seconds, the nodes should peer together and start producing blocks. You should see some lines like

```
Idle (1 peers), best: #1 (0x9f1b…9b57), finalized #1 (0x28be…45e5), ⬇ 1.7kiB/s ⬆ 1.4kiB/s
```

This line shows that Bob has peered with Alice (`1 peers`), they have produced a block (`best: #1 (0x9f1b…9b57)`), and the block is  finalized (`finalized #1 (0x28be…45e5)`).

Generate Your Own Keys
----------------------
Now that we know the fundamentals and the command line options, it's time to generate our own keys rather than using the well-known Alice and Bob keys. Each person who wants to participate in the blockchain can generate their own key using the [subkey tool](ecosystem/subkey). Be sure to record all of the output from this section as you will need it later.

> First generate a mnemonic and see the sr25519 key and address associated with it.

Reviewer 3: How do you feel about "highlighting" they key types? Also, I think giving some context while generating the keys will help the reader.

```suggestion
First generate a mnemonic and see the `sr25519` key and address associated with it. This key will be used by BABE for block production.
```

```
$ subkey generate
Secret phrase `keep matrix knee meat awake frown rubber position federal easily strategy inhale` is account:
  Secret seed: 0xb5d5cda89e139aecb67181e11d6d2d90a0cc80106afa035ab19264af7b5e5c0b
  Public key (hex): 0x8ed5f822065e5824d3e37d9ea36a81eacb98ff1a6fa04bb87d2fa4915e9ed147
  Address (SS58): 5FHzDem7A5aAq79tuEN9xJuNPXiYfmRQamhumTuqu6i57BuU
```

> Now see the ed25519 key and address associated with the same mnemonic

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now see the `ed25519` key and address associated with the same mnemonic. This key will be used by GRANDPA for block finalization.
```

```
$ subkey --ed25519 inspect "keep matrix knee meat awake frown rubber position federal easily strategy inhale"
Secret phrase `keep matrix knee meat awake frown rubber position federal easily strategy inhale` is account:
  Secret seed: 0xb5d5cda89e139aecb67181e11d6d2d90a0cc80106afa035ab19264af7b5e5c0b
  Public key (hex): 0xfe68fdff17960cb8d45d861396a64d4086997353849403ee3352996ec68ff4af
  Address (SS58): 5HpHD5YseSWbHfni43Zm2SjtpyqSVmuaNhKkVmivp8L93Trs
```

> Creating the chainspec

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Creating the Chainspec
```

-----------------------------
Last time around, we used `--chain=local` which is a predefined "chainspec" that has Alice and Bob specified as validators along with many other useful defaults.

Rather than writing our chainspec completely from scratch, we'll just make a few modifications to the the one we used before. To start we need to export the chainspec to a json file. Remember, further details about all of these commands are available by running `node-template --help`.

```bash
./target/release/node-template build-spec --chain=local > customSpec.json
```

> The file we just created contains several fields, and one can learn a lot by exploring them. By far the largest field is a single hex number that is the Wasm binary of our runtime. It is part of what you built earlier when you ran the `cargo build` command. Having this inforamtion on-chain allows supports forkless upgrades.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The file we just created contains several fields, and one can learn a lot by exploring them. By far the largest field is a single hex number that is the Wasm binary of our runtime. It is part of what you built earlier when you ran the `cargo build` command. Having this information on-chain allows supports forkless upgrades.
```

> The portion of the file we're interested in is the babe authorities (used for creating blocks) and the grandpa authorieits (used for finalizing blocks). That section looks like this

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The portion of the file we're interested in is the BABE authorities (used for creating blocks) and the GRANDPA authorities (used for finalizing blocks). That section looks like this
```

```json
"babe": {
  "authorities": [
    [
      "5GrwvaEF5zXb26Fz9rcQpDWS57CtERHpNehXCPcNoHGKutQY",
      1
    ],
    [
      "5FHneW46xGXgs5mUiveU4sbTyGBzmstUspZC92UhjJM694ty",
      1
    ]
  ]
},
"grandpa": {
  "authorities": [
    [
      "5FA9nQDVg267DEd8m1ZypXLBnvN7SFxYwV7ndqSYGiN9TTpu",
      1
    ],
    [
      "5GoNkf6WdbxCFnPdAnYYQyCjAKPJgLNxXwPjwTh6DGg6gN3E",
      1
    ]
  ]
},

```

> All we need to do is change the authority addresses listed (currently Alice and Bob) to our own addresses that we generated in the previous step. The sr25519 addresses go in the `babe` section, and the ed25519 addresses in the `grandpa` section. You may add as many validators as you like.

Reviewer: This is a wiki in polkadot protocol has some detail: https://wiki.polkadot.network/en/latest/polkadot/learn/keys/
Not sure if we want to link it here.

Reviewer 3: I think it would be good to link it. Something like, "If you're interested in reading more about the key pairs, go to ...".

> > A single person should do these steps and share the resulting file with their fellow validators.

Author: It's not a quote we're just abusing markdown to make it render in a yellow box.

Finally share the `customSpecRaw.json` with your all the other validators in the network.

Launching the chain
-------------------

### First Participant starts a Bootnode

You've completed all the necessary prep work and you're now ready to launch your chain. This process is very similar to when you launched a chain earlier as Alice and Bob. It's important to start with a clean base path, so if you plan to use the same path that you've used previously, please delete all contents from that directory.

The first participant can launch her node with
```bash
./target/release/node-template \
  --chain ./customSpecRaw.json \
  --port 30333 \
  --telemetry-url ws://telemetry.polkadot.io:1024 \
  --validator
  --name MyNode
```
Here are some differences from when we launched as Alice.
* I've omitted the `--base-path` flag, so Substrate will use a default location. You're still free to specify your own base path.

> * I've omitted the `--alice` flag instead we will insert our own custom keys into the keysotre through the RPC shortly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* I've omitted the `--alice` flag. Instead we will insert our own custom keys into the keystore through the RPC shortly.
```

* The `--chain` flag has changed to use our custom chainspec.
* I've added the optional `--name` flag. You may use it to give your node a human-readable name in the telemetry UI.

> One your node is running, you will again notice that no blocks are being produced. At this point you can use the Apps UI to insert your keys into the keystore. NAvigate to the "Toolbox" tab and the "RPC Call" sub-tab. Choose "author" and "insertKey". The fields can be filled like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
One your node is running, you will again notice that no blocks are being produced. At this point you can use the Apps UI to insert your keys into the keystore. Navigate to the "Toolbox" tab and the "RPC Call" sub-tab. Choose "author" and "insertKey". The fields can be filled like this:
```
